Contributions & refactor (#36)
chhoumann/P6: sections/Acknowledgement.tex

\section*{Acknowledgements}

> This work was supervised by Yunyao Cheng and we would like to give a special thanks to his advice and guidance through out the research and development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This work was supervised by Yunyao Cheng. We would like to give a sincere gratitude for his advice and guidance through out the research and development.
```
